hip-hop is not just a mirror of what is
it should also be a reflection of what
can be you know a lot of times folks say
well I want to keep it real and I want
to be down then we're just trapped in
what is the question is imagine
something different so I said it you can
trust Congress and Senate to fuck up
when it comes to making conscious
decisions and the minute you question
the Republican commitment they will
fumble over pay tree ISM and your
religion independent
speaking of revolving revolution while
we demonstrate the problem-solving his
contribution in the sentence speaking of
evolving and always moving I got the
Shiva and the Lakers beat up Houston ok
calnon after the game the news came
propaganda from India to Indiana they
blame the evil on the leaders from the
motherland enslave the people what would
Jesus do my brethren forget it y'all
they said it all too much to edit Carl
Collective y'all connection cut an
interception the laws of deception got
you following the wrong direction
pardon my step when I use insight from
my protect smaller strip
the revolution Palma trip
soon as the Sun set the rumors are
spreading assuming the dark said you in
the wrong direction our perception is
divided why do we deny it we go to great
measures and legs trying to hide it but
blinded by corporate media parasites
criticized by the way it conservative
business types with the tight markets
hot secret never liked it don't need it
if the jacket didn't agree to take it
from you never see it hey it doesn't
have to be that way we can make it
better every single day we stay in the
game with the same state of mind that we
started with the heart of it is in the
music parallelize part of it I'm bored
with the ignorance they keep feeding off
in a safe defeated off the pistol rhythm
pump bunch of idiots the government
affiliates complaining social benefits
but most of them just let it get worse
before they get there
ain't telling me jack you're selling me
Wackness we feed off the light they feed
off of that black magic it's tragic the
city stuck in traffic and full of the
panic they live as lavish we suffer from
collateral damage and I still manage to
break free from all of the madness and
I'll be damned if they take me or my
family
it's a program set and I bet they
believe right where they're standing
before man would say and see it's been a
misunderstanding but we'll never be
understood cuz we rep our hoods instead
of the little political parties like we
should we'd rather be reppin is like in
the party like we would and trying to
get through the everybody with the goods
and fortunately they've spent fortunes
of war for us to ignore the back door
were they organized more distancing
themselves from the core resource
thinkin the rich keep getting richer and
the poor will always be poor it doesn't
really have to be that way we can dream
and reach our goals no matter what they
say if we believe then we will see that
this is just the game the war is over
now they say that we're the ones to
blame
start the revolution revolución